While experimenting with fractals and recursion, I originnally wanted to make a carpet like design with squares and stamps.
After many faild attemps, i played around with my turn angles, chnaging the turtle to turn right at 190 degrees instead of 90 degrees.
This resulted in an intricate pattern that looked kind of like a star with a spiral inside. I desided to make it a "portal maker bot" because it reminded me of a galaxy. 

The programs works by first asking the user for the size of the portal through inputs, and validtaes it if its a number, then if its the right size. I had trouble with validating as i thought break and exit could be used interchangeably
It then asks the user for colors one at a time and sees if its in teh dictionary of colors. This is where I had an error from indenting and spacing so it took me quite a while to fix it

For the recursive functionm itself, it uses 3 things, current_step to track current iteration, max_steps which is the base case, and counter to count the amount of recursive is called based on the max_steps. Because i accidebtally set the counter to 1 instead of 0 at the beginning, it always printed one extra, so I fixed it to counter = 0
it then says that if the current step reaches max_steps, the base case, it returns counter to see how much it looped
I set a base length, which is 30 , and made length base length and current step by 10 to make the lines longer each time. I just played around with random numbers but settled on these settings

next part is my actual function, which draw forward by length pixels using a color. and turn right by 190 degrees.
This part was the easiest for me. It draws a 3 sided pattern each time.  

lastly, recursive call.
It calls the recursive_spiral function again, increments current_step by 1 to move to the next iteration and increase the line length and increments counter by 1 to keep track of the total number of calls.

I also preset the turtle to a position before running.

after running, it outputs the number of recursive calls made.

overall, my biggest hardships were at the beginning while I was trying to make a carpet design, and for some reason drawing two portals instead of one when I did the counting another way. 

Ashar and Serene looked over my work. Ashar liked the user interface but gave me feedback to validate the users input, which i did. Serene was impressed by the intricate designs, but told me to focus on the readme,md as I did not have it done before.

Ashar also helped me with the counting, which helped me alot.

Inputs can be affect through validation, which exits the program if it is not valid.

if inputs are valid, programs differ by size of portal and the combination of 3 colors.